README.md, before:

# Acesso-Bankly
## Tech Case - solution proposal

The system follows an event-driven architecture, coordinated by choreography a message broker.

Important to notice that this isn't a bunch of microservices. It is a monolith that has a loosely coupled approach to handle each step of the workflow.

### Requirements
- [SDK .net 5.0](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/5.0)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
- [Visual Studio 2019 or Visual Studio Code](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/pt-br/downloads/)
- [Windows Terminal](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/windows-terminal/9n0dx20hk701?activetab=pivot:overviewtab) _(this is required to execute all queue workers in at once)_

### Getting started
Get the system started by following the steps below:
- run the file ./src/**docker-compose.yml**
- execute the file ./src/**run-system.cmd**

### Dashboards and API's Swagger
- Fund Transfer API: http://localhost:5000/swagger
- Acesso API: http://localhost:6123/swagger
- Logs: http://localhost:6124
- Message Broker: http://localhost:6125
  - user: guest
  - passwd: guest

Commit message:

adding command for database update

README.md, after:

# Acesso-Bankly
## Tech Case - solution proposal

The system follows an event-driven architecture, coordinated by choreography a message broker.

Important to notice that this isn't a bunch of microservices. It is a monolith that has a loosely coupled approach to handle each step of the workflow.

### Requirements
- [SDK .net 5.0](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/5.0)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
- [Visual Studio 2019 or Visual Studio Code](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/pt-br/downloads/)
- [Windows Terminal](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/windows-terminal/9n0dx20hk701?activetab=pivot:overviewtab) _(this is required to execute all queue workers in at once)_

### Getting started
Get the system started by following the steps below:
- run the file ./src/**docker-compose.yml**
- execute the file ./src/**update-database.cmd** to apply the _migations_ into database
- execute the file ./src/**run-system.cmd**

### Dashboards and API's Swagger
- Fund Transfer API: http://localhost:5000/swagger
- Acesso API: http://localhost:6123/swagger
- Logs: http://localhost:6124
- Message Broker: http://localhost:6125
  - user: guest
  - passwd: guest
